Just because Yaoyao copied his tune
You shouldn't
One dead girl called him
If you hadn't had to get him out of the Bai family
Your current piano level
How much will it benefit us?
These two daughters are so outstanding
How face is it to take it out?
Not married.
How many contacts can you bring us?
Who knows that dead girl?
That girl is so powerful
We are his parents
He wouldn't even tell us.
He has no conscience!
Okay, now the most important thing is
Let Yaoyao apologize to him
Fight for his cause
Why?
Yaoyao apologized to him on stage
If you say sorry, you will pay 10 million less.
Just have fun. I'm worried about you now.
Can he forgive me?
Not good, Mr. Bai left home and committed a private foul
Ruthless words
No group is allowed to cooperate with our Bai family.
Whoever dares to help us is going to have trouble with him leaving home
What!
We haven't offended anything about leaving home recently.
Hey
Then you didn't ask why?
Why don't you hurry up and ask?
How come?
We have not offended Your Majesty.
Why is he against us?
Is it still because the boss is hated?
If you wait until today because of disgust
It is estimated that it is because the enemy has taken a fancy to the talent of the property
So I helped
As for missing him
Even that dead girl hooked up with a private beast
Let the private people deal with us
Now both the private and the Li family are coming against us
It seems that the Bai family this time
It's really over.
Then hurry up and call Ouyang
In case you want to sue Yaoyao
Yaoyao's life will be ruined